I can't say today is the first time ever.
Groud見
Groudim chores
The Japanese people are not small.
The courage of Japan is not small.
There is no sky or land.
There is no less than the amount of people.
I don't know if it's a good thing or not.
I don't know the truth.
I can't take it from tomorrow.
I can't eat it.
I can't run when I'm hungry.
I can't shake the railroad.
I can't drink alcohol.
I can't stretch it.
I can't do it.
I can't be a child.
There are few people who go to the station.
There is no force to fall.
There is no way to run fast.
If there is nothing yet,
There is no place to sleep in the field.
There is no place to run.
There is no punishment for the child who is born.
If there is nothing yet,
There is no place to run.
I don't know if I can run.
I can't aim.
There is no place to run.
I can't run.
I don't know if I can run.
It's not so early.
I forgot the rain on the day of the 5th of May.
I'm going to connect the two countries.
If I forget the rain on the day of the 5th of May,
I'll take a picture of it.